okay hi guys so today I am back to this
look for you and it's probably very
similar to my every day any day makeup
is what I just realized but anyway i'm
still gonna upload it i hope you guys
enjoy this i think it's a little bit
more darker in the crease and stuff like
that i can you remember what i did in
that video but i went out as finish out
like this kind of london of that anyways
the lips are different the cheeks are
different so i hope you guys don't know
but anyways let's get right on into it
to begin you say primer to prevent
creasing if you have oily lids
next using a concealer apply this all
around the eye to create an even canvas
and to give the eyeshadow something to
stick to apply an eyeshadow close to
your skin tone as your transition color
then apply some tape as your guide line
[Music]
using a tapered blending brush apply
your crease color also apply that color
to your lower lashline next using a flat
shader brush gently Pat on your lid
color then flip the brush over and apply
the second lid color jet to the center
of the eye trust me it makes the
slightest difference I'll use that
eyeshadow close to your skin tone to
soften your edges
then apply some liner
and using a pointy pencil brush smudge
out that liner use the same pencil brush
to slightly wing it out
[Music]
now use that same pencil brush and apply
a black eyeshadow to set that creamy
liner next use a small precision brush
to apply that silver gray color to the
inner corners of your eye then apply a
much lighter color to the very corners
of your eye
[Music]
next take your favorite concealer and a
concealer brush to highlight your brow
bone area
[Music]
then use your fingers to blend it out
apply some lashes and you're all done
so this is the finishing look I hope you
guys enjoyed this video so on my face I
use my Revlon Colorstay foundation as
usual and on top of that I went over
that with my mac mineralized skin finish
and I use the translucent powder from
them and on my cheeks I use the
bhcosmetics blush and contour palette I
use this pink right here and today I
double around with just a tad bit of
contouring along the cheek here I
normally don't but I've seen a lot of
ladies doing it all this contouring and
I just felt like maybe made my face look
a little hard but I'm actually liking it
and on my nose right there and on my
lips I use the Rimmel London lipstick I
camera me the name is number 13 and it's
just like this flesh tone mavi type
color really pretty nice nude lipstick
but I wanted a little tad bit of pink
but I didn't want the paint to be too
pink so I went in with my tinted lip
conditioner from sleek it's just called
pout polish and I like it a lot for this
SPF 15 and it's this really nice
beautiful pink tinted lip conditioner
and this one is called powder pink so
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this video
and stay tuned for many more to come
that